com/choicemanager/domain/CustomErrorResponse.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.CustomErrorResponse
com/choicemanager/payload/ApiResponse.java
 com.choicemanager.payload.ApiResponse
com/choicemanager/ChoiceManagerApplication.java
 com.choicemanager.ChoiceManagerApplication
com/choicemanager/repository/TaskRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.TaskRepository
com/choicemanager/exception/OAuth2AuthenticationProcessingException.java
 com.choicemanager.exception.OAuth2AuthenticationProcessingException
com/choicemanager/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.UserRepository
com/choicemanager/repository/QuestionRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.QuestionRepository
com/choicemanager/config/WebMvcConfig.java
 com.choicemanager.config.WebMvcConfig
com/choicemanager/exception/BadRequestException.java
 com.choicemanager.exception.BadRequestException
com/choicemanager/config/AppProperties.java
 com.choicemanager.config.AppProperties
 com.choicemanager.config.AppProperties$Auth
 com.choicemanager.config.AppProperties$OAuth2
com/choicemanager/config/CorsFilter.java
 com.choicemanager.config.CorsFilter
com/choicemanager/payload/LoginRequest.java
 com.choicemanager.payload.LoginRequest
com/choicemanager/utils/CookieUtils.java
 com.choicemanager.utils.CookieUtils
com/choicemanager/domain/AnswerWrapper.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.AnswerWrapper
com/choicemanager/security/CurrentUser.java
 com.choicemanager.security.CurrentUser
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/FacebookOAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.FacebookOAuth2UserInfo
com/choicemanager/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.RoleRepository
com/choicemanager/domain/RadarChartElement.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.RadarChartElement
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/OAuth2AuthenticationFailureHandler.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.OAuth2AuthenticationFailureHandler
com/choicemanager/domain/AuthProvider.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.AuthProvider
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/OAuth2UserInfoFactory.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.OAuth2UserInfoFactory
com/choicemanager/domain/GoalWrapper.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.GoalWrapper
com/choicemanager/service/MailSender.java
 com.choicemanager.service.MailSender
com/choicemanager/security/RestAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 com.choicemanager.security.RestAuthenticationEntryPoint
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/GoogleOAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.GoogleOAuth2UserInfo
com/choicemanager/security/HttpCookieOAuth2AuthorizationRequestRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.security.HttpCookieOAuth2AuthorizationRequestRepository
com/choicemanager/domain/Question.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Question
com/choicemanager/exception/ResourceNotFoundException.java
 com.choicemanager.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
com/choicemanager/payload/SignUpRequest.java
 com.choicemanager.payload.SignUpRequest
com/choicemanager/utils/ErrorUtils.java
 com.choicemanager.utils.ErrorUtils
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/OAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.OAuth2UserInfo
com/choicemanager/service/RoleService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.RoleService
com/choicemanager/domain/Gender.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Gender
com/choicemanager/domain/Category.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Category
com/choicemanager/domain/Role.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Role
com/choicemanager/config/MailConfig.java
 com.choicemanager.config.MailConfig
com/choicemanager/service/RadarChartService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.RadarChartService
com/choicemanager/repository/AnswerRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.AnswerRepository
com/choicemanager/domain/Answer.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Answer
com/choicemanager/controller/UserController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.UserController
com/choicemanager/domain/UserRadarChartDTO.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.UserRadarChartDTO
com/choicemanager/domain/RadarChart.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.RadarChart
com/choicemanager/security/TokenAuthenticationFilter.java
 com.choicemanager.security.TokenAuthenticationFilter
com/choicemanager/domain/UserDto.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.UserDto
com/choicemanager/controller/RegistrationController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.RegistrationController
com/choicemanager/payload/AuthResponse.java
 com.choicemanager.payload.AuthResponse
com/choicemanager/service/CustomOAuth2UserService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.CustomOAuth2UserService
com/choicemanager/domain/UserPrincipal.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.UserPrincipal
com/choicemanager/controller/TestController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.TestController
com/choicemanager/service/UserService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.UserService
com/choicemanager/security/TokenProvider.java
 com.choicemanager.security.TokenProvider
com/choicemanager/repository/CategoryRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.CategoryRepository
com/choicemanager/service/TestService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.TestService
com/choicemanager/domain/User.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.User
com/choicemanager/domain/RadarChartJsonSerializer.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.RadarChartJsonSerializer
com/choicemanager/domain/CategoryWrapper.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.CategoryWrapper
com/choicemanager/controller/AuthController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.AuthController
com/choicemanager/service/AuthenticationService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.AuthenticationService
com/choicemanager/security/oauth2/OAuth2AuthenticationSuccessHandler.java
 com.choicemanager.security.oauth2.OAuth2AuthenticationSuccessHandler
com/choicemanager/controller/ActivationController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.ActivationController
com/choicemanager/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.choicemanager.config.WebSecurityConfig
com/choicemanager/domain/Task.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Task
com/choicemanager/domain/GoalDto.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.GoalDto
com/choicemanager/controller/ProfileController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.ProfileController
com/choicemanager/repository/GoalRepository.java
 com.choicemanager.repository.GoalRepository
com/choicemanager/service/GoalService.java
 com.choicemanager.service.GoalService
com/choicemanager/controller/GoalController.java
 com.choicemanager.controller.GoalController
com/choicemanager/domain/Goal.java
 com.choicemanager.domain.Goal
